# Tise usage of this repo
The three files in this repo should be placed in `./fastlane/actions` folder in our iOS and Android repos. These fastlane actions (i.e. functions) allows us to sync App Store and Google Play metadata stored in separate Lokalise projects with corresponding files version controlled in the repos. This metadata is uploaded to the relevant app store from the CI when we make new builds of the apps.

Metadata should *always* be changed in Lokalise and not in the app store directly (PS: Not counting Huawei App Gallery for which we don't have this integration).

# Lokalise Fastlane Actions

Collection of actions for integrating Lokalise into your iOS project using Fastlane. Learn more in our [blog post.](https://blog.lokalise.com/automating-itunes-connect-deployment-with-fastlane-and-lokalise/)

For Android actions please check [here](https://github.com/lokalise/lokalise-fastlane-actions/tree/master/android)

## Note

These are Fastlane actions, not plugins. Add them to `fastlane/actions` folder in the root of your project.

## lokalise

This action downloads .strings and .stringsdict files to destination folder.

Parameters:

- `api_token`. Your API token. Can be set up using enviromental parameter `LOKALISE_API_TOKEN`
- `project_identifier`. Your Project ID. Can be set up using enviromental parameter `LOKALISE_PROJECT_ID`
- `destination`. Localization files destination.
- `clean_destination`. Cleans destination folder if set to `true` *(`false` by default)*.
- `languages`. Languages to download *(must be passed as array of strings, leave empty to download all)*.
- `include_comments`. Include comments in exported files.
- `use_original`. Use original filenames/formats.

## lokalise_metadata

This action imports metadata from files generated by Deliver action and uploads iTunes Connect metadata using information from Lokalise.

- `api_token`. Your API token. Can be set up using enviromental parameter `LOKALISE_API_TOKEN`
- `project_identifier`. Your Project ID. Can be set up using enviromental parameter `LOKALISE_PROJECT_ID`
- `action`. Action to perform *(can be `update_lokalise_itunes`, `update_itunes`, `update_lokalise_googleplay` or `update_googleplay`)*. 
- `add_languages`. Add missing languages to lokalise *(`false` by default)*.
- `override_translation`. Override translations in lokalise.
- `release_number`. Application release number. Required with `update_googleplay` action.
- `validate_only`. Only validate the metadata. Used with `update_googleplay` action *(`false` by default)*.

## add_keys_to_lokalise

This actions allow you upload keys to Lokalise.

Parameters:

- `api_token`. Your API token. Can be set up using enviromental parameter `LOKALISE_API_TOKEN`
- `project_identifier`. Your Project ID. Can be set up using enviromental parameter `LOKALISE_PROJECT_ID`
- `platform_mask`. Platform mask to asign to keys *(1 is iOS, 2 is Android, 4 is Web and 16 is Other)*.
- `keys`. Keys to add *(must be passed as array of strings)*.

